---
title: "2019 Arlo"
date: 2020-01-09T13:02:58+13:00
draft: true
type: "cover letter"
print-title: "Arlo"
homepage: "hanswustrack.com"
email: "hans.wustrack@gmail.com"
phone-number: "022-580-0127"
location: "Wellington, New Zealand"
---

Dear Hiring Manager,

After being a part of a company who went through many different training management software providers, I know how important this is the the business and how difficult of a problem it can be to solve. I would love to be a part of taking on this challenge at Arlo.

I am a highly motivated Software Developer who deeply enjoys working on an agile team and developing streamlined documented processes to make that team efficient and effective. With my background in tech support, I have also come to love speaking directly with customers and bringing those learnings back to the development team. After working in tech support, I transitioned to a software development position where I built a resilient, high throughput pub sub data pipeline with microservices.

I am confident that with this experience, I can become an important part of the team and help Arlo continue to expand worldwide.

I am eager to speak with you more about the openings for Intermediate Developers at Arlo and how I can contribute to your continued success.

{{< cover-letter-closing "Best regards," "Hans Wustrack" >}}

**Advertised Requirements**|**My Qualifications**
:-----:|:-----:
A tertiary qualification|I have a BS in Mechanical Engineering, certificate in CS, and previous work experience as a software developer.
At least two years of C# or Java software web development experience.|I have 2.5 years experience working as a software developer primarily using C#.
Experience using JavaScript application frameworks and libraries such as Knockout, Vue, Angular, or React would be beneficial.|I have some experience using basic JS but no formal experience with JS frameworks such as the ones listed, but would be really excited to learn.
Experience working within an agile development process.|In my previous position, we used a scrum process to keep the team lean and agile. I took charge in work planning sessions and writing up work items for future work. 