---
title: "2019 Xero"
date: 2020-01-05T17:15:57+13:00
draft: true
type: "cover letter"
print-title: "Xero"
homepage: "hanswustrack.com"
email: "hans.wustrack@gmail.com"
phone-number: "022-580-0127"
location: "Wellington, New Zealand"
---

Dear Hiring Manager,

Small business owners should be focused on perfecting that last detail of their new product, or finishing the design for their new marketing campaign, not struggling to invoice a supplier on yet another eCommerce platform. At Xero, you’re simplifying the lives of business owners by offering an answer to all their accounting needs in one place. I would love to be a part of that mission.

I am a highly motivated Software Developer who deeply enjoys working on an agile team and developing streamlined documented processes to make that team efficient and effective. With my background in tech support, I have also come to love speaking directly with customers and bringing those learnings back to the development team. After working in tech support, I transitioned to a software development position where I built highly scalable data services using .NET technologies.

I am confident that with this experience, I can become an important part of the team and help Xero make the lives of small business owners across the world easier.

I am eager to speak with you more about the openings for .NET developers at Xero and how I can contribute to your continued success.

{{< cover-letter-closing "Best regards," "Hans Wustrack" "https://www.linkedin.com/in/hanswustrack/" >}}

**Advertised Requirements**|**My Qualifications**
:-----:|:-----:
A mix of frontend and backend skills|I have experience writing backend cloud services in .NET and designing and building websites for personal projects.
An understanding of how Agile, Lean and DevOps principles enable software teams deliver value to users more effectively|In my previous position, we used a scrum process to keep the team lean and agile. I took charge in work planning sessions and writing up work items for future work. We had a dedicated DevOps team that I also worked with closely.
A growth mindset and excitement about tackling the next challenge that you and your team face.|My team in my previous position was working on a brand new cloud platform for the company. The mission was growing the platform as this would be the next flagship product of the company.
The belief that a strong team is more valuable than a group of individuals and enthusiasm to help your team thrive through coaching, pairing, mobbing and educating|I was the security champion for my team, leading in security best practices and reporting our practices back to the business. I was also a mentor for newer members of the team and regularly paired with them on tasks and helped them think through work to be done.
A desire to make a positive impact on the lives of millions of users|My previous team’s product was just getting off the ground, so there weren’t many users yet. I would love the chance to work on a product that is further along in the growth phase and make an impact on customers across the world.