---
title: "2020 Xero"
date: 2020-03-16T09:13:58+13:00
draft: true
type: "cover letter"
print-title: "Xero"
homepage: "hanswustrack.com"
email: "hans.wustrack@gmail.com"
phone-number: "(+64) 022-580-0127"
location: "Wellington, New Zealand"
---

Hey there!

I'm Hans. I'm a software developer with experience writing C# microservices to run in Microsoft Azure. These services were in support of a high throughput data ingestion API that would reliably route customer's data to a data store. With previous experience as a technical support engineer, I'm also very comfortable working directly with customers on all kinds of issues. 

About 6 months ago I left my job in the United States to move to New Zealand with my girlfriend to travel and work. In that time I've worked on some personal projects, a blog chronicling our journey, [hanswustrack.com](https://hanswustrack.com), and a service that posts sports scores to Twitter, [NothinButScores.com](https://nothinbutscores.com).

After spending a few months on the road in a van, we've settled down in Wellington, New Zealand. I applied to an opening at Xero in the Wellington office, but after a few conversations, they couldn't accommodate the terms of my visa. When I move back to the US, I'd love the chance to work at a company that I've really come to admire while living in New Zealand.

With my previous experience, effective communication skills, and diligence, I think I would be a great fit.

{{< cover-letter-closing "Best regards," "Hans Wustrack" >}}

**Advertised Requirements**|**My Qualifications**
:-----:|:-----:
**Delivery**: Has track record of innovating and delivering technology in a team and solving customer’s problems through software.|I started my career in software as a technical support engineer, so I'm very comfortable working closely with customers on their requests. After moving to an engineering team, I took most of the customer support requests for our team and managed many production releases.
**Growth mind-set**: Understands that competency is not fixed but is enhanced through dedication and hard work.|In my previous position, my team was working on a brand new cloud platform for the company. The mission was growing the platform as this would be the next flagship product of the company.
**Balance**: Maintains a healthy personal/work-life harmony. Considers the wide range of learning and social opportunities at Xero against the needs of the team.|I love exploring the outdoors through backpacking and rock climbing. With everything to see in New Zealand, we've had a new exciting trip almost every weekend!
**Great communication skills**: Speak and write clearly, succinctly and articulately without relying on jargon.|An example of my written communication: [How to Get Beautiful Free Rotating Windows Backgrounds](https://hanswustrack.com/posts/how-to-get-beautiful-free-rotating-windows-backgrounds/)
**Relationship building**: Successfully builds trust and credibility with stakeholders and team.|I was the security champion for my team, leading in security best practices and reporting our practices back to the business. I was also a mentor for newer members of the team and regularly paired with them on tasks and helped them think through work to be done.
2+ years experience in delivering code to production in a commercial environment.|I have experience writing backend cloud services in .NET and designing and building websites for personal projects.